# DHC Project by Aneesh Katkam
# I started investing my time in web-development, maybe because of how the end result of the application was in my hands. I saw some appealing Udemy courses such as Nester’s course on web development using Django and purchased it to start creating a website. It was very obvious that I ran into many errors and it was almost a nightmare to get them resolved. There was once a time, when I spent almost 3 days to solve an operational error until I realized I had just forgotten to initialize a variable in a return statement. 

I utilized all my learnings and created an eCommerce website, using Django for our neighbor's hardware store. I used the standard frontends – HTML, CSS and JavaScript and the backend – Python. The database used was PostgreSQL. It had taken almost 2 months to complete the website and the result was absolutely fantastic. In this website, customers can select hardware product, add to cart and checkout their product with the simulated payment integration with Stripe processor. 

With the focus of developing a mobile application for the same, I was interested in the technologies of React Native and Android Studio/IOS Simulator. I developed a standardized mobile application using the JavaScript package. This included a hardware display page and some contact information about further purchases.

My grandfather was thoroughly impressed with what I’ve done and took it by a surprise. Having encrypted the community's tradition into programming, I explored other parts of Computer Applications. This included developing video games on Unity and Unreal Engine 4. I was very lucky to have friends, who were good at designing objects in Blender, which I had used quite a bit in my games. I was able to develop a game on Unity using three-dimensional models such as a space ship and some enemies for it to fire upon. In addition, I’ve also developed a third person shooting game on Unreal engine, with mechanical blueprint integration like modern shooter games today. Through both of these projects, I was able to maintain a good balance of knowledge regarding C++ and C#. 
